Facepunch Studios – Development Contest Terms & Conditions

By submitting your entry to the development contest, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”):

1. Who’s running this development contest? We’re Facepunch Studios Ltd of 103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, B3 3AG,
United Kingdom (“Facepunch” or “we”), the creators of products like Garry’s Mod, Rust and s&box.

2. How do I enter the development contest? The full details of how to submit your entry will be on the contest page.
Entry will be free, but it may require you to have access to one of our products.

3. When is the development contest running? Check the contest page (which will be on our website) which has the
specific details around when each development contest starts and ends. You’ll need to have completed all of the
requirements on the contest page by the relevant closing date in order to have a valid entry – please also check the
conditions below in section 7 too.

4. What’s the prize? Normally we will have a winner prize and also several runner-up prizes, but again check the contest
page for specific details. Prizes are not negotiable, exchangeable or transferable.

5. How does Facepunch pick the winner and runner-up entries? Our team at Facepunch will pick the winners. We will
contact the winners and runners-up via the email address they provided on submission. Our decisions are final!

6. Who can enter? You can enter provided that your country’s laws don’t prohibit you from doing so. If you’re a minor
(this will vary depending on where you live – in many places it’s under 18) we may need proof from your parent /
guardian that they’re happy for you to enter. We may also need proof of identity, residency and/or tax status in some
cases in order to issue any prizes.

7. Are there any conditions?
  (a) Individuals can enter as well as teams. However, if you’re a team there should only be one point of contact. If a team
wins, Facepunch will send any prizes to the designated point of contact, and it is their sole responsibility to divide that
prize amongst other team members.
  (b) Your entry should not have been entered into any previous development contest run by Facepunch.
  (c) Please do not enter if you are an employee, agent, supplier, contractor or are otherwise professionally connected to
this development contest or Facepunch.
  (d) You must own all the intellectual property rights in your entry.
  (e) We won’t accept entries made in bulk or are otherwise automated. One entry is permitted per person / team.
  (f) You must provide us with any necessary eligibility documents (as set out in section 6) and/or claim your prize within
one (1) month of the applicable development contest closing, otherwise you will forfeit your prize.
  (g) Any taxes, fees or other costs associated with any prizes are your responsibility.
  (h) Finally, check the contest page mentioned above for any rules specific to each development contest.
  
8. Anything legal I should be aware of? Of course, obviously we want any development contest to run as smoothly as
possible, but for the avoidance of doubt we will not be liable to compensate you for any loss or damage in relation to
any development contest, including in relation to any entries or prizes (except where it is caused by our negligence or
fraud). If you have questions regarding your data, check our privacy policy available here: https://facepunch.com/legal/privacy 
- we may promote you and your entry (particularly if you’re a winner or runner-up!).

9. What happens if I have an issue? Please contact us below at first instance. If there’s a dispute, this competition
(including these Terms) is governed by English law, and by entering the competition you submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of England. If we have reasonable grounds to believe that there has been a breach of these
Terms, then we reserve the right to exclude you from the development contest (and any future development contests).
We reserve the right to void, suspend, cancel or amend the competition where it becomes necessary to do so.

10. Any questions? You can contact us on legal@facepunch.com.
